=pod

=head1 NAME

Crypt::TripleDES::CBC - Triple DES in CBC mode Pure implementation

=head1 VERSION

version 0.005

=head1 SYNOPSIS

   use Crypt::TripleDES::CBC;
 
   my $key = pack("H*"
     , "1234567890123456"
     . "7890123456789012");
   my $iv = pack("H*","0000000000000000");
   my $crypt = Crypt::TripleDES::CBC->new(
     key => $key,
     iv  => $iv,
   );
 
   say unpack("H*",$crypt->encrypt(pack("H*","0ABC0F2241535345631FCE")));            # Output F64F2268BF6185A16DADEFD7378E5CE5
   say unpack("H*",$crypt->decrypt(pack("H*","F64F2268BF6185A16DADEFD7378E5CE5")));  # Output 0ABC0F2241535345631FCE0000000000

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Most Modules on CPAN don't do a standards compliant implementation, while they
are able to decrypt what they encrypt. There are corner cases where certain
blocks of data in a chain don't decrypt properly. This is (almost)a pure perl
implementation of TripleDES in CBC mode using Crypt::DES to encrypt individual
blocks.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 cipher1

First Crypt::DES Cipher object generated from the key. This is built
automatically. Do not change this value from your program.

=head2 cipher2

second Crypt::DES Cipher object generated from the key. This is built
automatically. Do not change this value from your program.

=head2 key

Encryption Key this must be ascii packed string as shown in Synopsis.

=head2 iv

Initialization vector, default is a null string.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 encrypt

Encryption Method

=head2 decrypt

Decryption method

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through github at 
L<https://github.com/shantanubhadoria/perl-crypt-tripledes-cbc/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/shantanubhadoria/perl-crypt-tripledes-cbc>

  git clone git://github.com/shantanubhadoria/perl-crypt-tripledes-cbc.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Shantanu Bhadoria <shantanu@cpan.org> L<https://www.shantanubhadoria.com>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Shantanu Bhadoria

=over 4

=item *

Shantanu <shantanu@cpan.org>

=item *

Shantanu Bhadoria <shantanu@cpan.org>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2015 by Shantanu Bhadoria.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
